gh-56133: Clarify function/constructor parameter for pickle module (#95497)
python/cpython: Doc/library/copyreg.rst

   Declares that *function* should be used as a "reduction" function for objects
   of type *type*.  *function* should return either a string or a tuple
   containing two or three elements. See the :attr:`~pickle.Pickler.dispatch_table`
   for more details on the interface of *function*.

>    The *constructor* parameter is a legacy feature and is now ignored, but if

Reviewer: Just noticed that the param is actually called `constructor_ob`: https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/Lib/copyreg.py#L12. Would you mind fixing the docs to use that name?

>    The optional *constructor* parameter, if provided, validates that
>    *constructor* is callable, and if uncallable then :exc:`TypeError` is raised.

Reviewer: This raises the question: what is this argument good for? I would suggest

```suggestion
   The *constructor* parameter is a legacy feature and it is now ignored.
```

Author: But since it can raise an exception, it's not exactly ignored. Maybe instead that '... and it should be ignored'?

Reviewer: Maybe "The *constructor* parameter, if passed, must be a callable. It is a legacy feature and is now ignored."

Author: I do like immediately emphasizing that it's a legacy feature, so perhaps instead "The *constructor* parameter is a legacy feature and is now ignored, but if passed it must be a callable, otherwise TypeError is raised." The `TypeError` section is optional though as there's probably no need to go into too much detail.

Reviewer: Sounds good! I think we can skip "otherwise TypeError is raised" as it's a fairly unimportant detail.
